1. Ditch Facebook and Self-Host Your Own Personal Blog
Using Haven design to be a private blog for you to write and for friends to view, Havenmn is definitely a unique platform.

While you can choose to have Haven host your blog, you can also easily spin it up in Docker.

Haven works with Markdown, meaning you can write all of your posts in Markdown and then postt straight to Haven. It also supports image uploading, which is a really nice feature.

2. Object detective

3. Pi dashboard

Using dashboard show information such as: uptime, CPU, temperature, RAM and CPU usage, available storage, and even have power toggles at your fingertips, weather station and clock

Using PHP

https://www.howtogeek.com/3-raspberry-pi-projects-to-try-this-weekend-october-24-26/

4. AirPlay or Spotify receiver

5. AI-powered wildlife camera

The nice thing is that tthe Mini AI camera project utilizes local AI models, meaning your wildlife camera can function completely offline anywhere you put it. That makes this project great for setting your camera up in the woods, far away from any Wi-Fi or cellular signal, to capture the animals as they roam in their naturral habitat.


6. Project that actually push the hardware to its limits

Running lightweight AI and machine learning models

How local inference demonstrates the Pi5's raw power

Running AI locally also highlights the Pi5's ability to handle multitasking. While inference models are working, you can still manage monitoring dashboards, data storage and even lightweight visualization without grinding the system to a halt. That makes the Pi5 a legitimate edge device for AI projects, ideal for learning, tinkering, or even deploying small-case intelligent systems. It;s an entirely new class of project that older Raspberry Pis just weren't suited for.

7. Setting up a photo server mwith Immich (Personal cloud storage server)

8. Time-lapse camera

Technique that captures slow changes over time and condenses them into a seamless video.

# Note: Forward local host:

facebook.com/reel/1190726732603680/?rdid=7sWPIiKPBiXdSjAv&share_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Fshare%2Fr%2F1CkDf6ctge#

